Prepare IsolateManager to become source of truth for isPaused for an isolate. (#5005)
flutter/devtools: packages/README.md

1. Public getter
2. Private field
3. Public setter (when needed)

> ## Naming for methods and functions

Reviewer: in general, I don't think we need to rewrite a style guide for our own repo. We can link to Effective Dart and the Flutter style guide for references from this README.MD or from out CONTRIBUTING.MD file (this may be a better place), but it seems a bit overkill to try to pick and choose some of the style guidelines we follow and rewrite them here.

Author: We do not follow the entire Flutter style guide. Just some parts.

Author: Mentioned it.

In compliance with [Flutter repo style guide](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Style-guide-for-Flutter-repo#naming-rules-for-typedefs-and-function-variables) we name:

> 1. Typedefs: `FooCallback`

Reviewer 2: I think this is different from what that link states.
The link says that these naming conventions are for callbacks and how we should be defining them as typedefs, with specific naming conventions.
i.e. 
```
typedef ExceptionCallback = void Function(dynamic exception);
class SomeWidget extends StatelessWidget {
  const SomeWidget({..., required this.onException });
  final ExceptionCallback onException;
  ...
}
Then when initializing the class
final handleException = (dynamic e) {
    exception = e;
};
SomeWidget(onException: handleException);
```

Author: Changed wording. Is it better?

2. Private field
3. Public setter (when needed)

## Naming for function variables

In compliance with [Flutter repo style guide](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Style-guide-for-Flutter-repo#naming-rules-for-typedefs-and-function-variables) we name:

> 1. Typedefs for functions: `FooCallback`
> 2. Arguments and properties for functions: `onFoo`
> 3. Methods and functions for event handling: `handleFoo`

Reviewer 2: Even with these edits, this short form doesn't really reflect the content of the original link.
I think we should just include the link. It will avoid duplication as well.
```suggestion
1. Use Typedefs to define callbacks: `FooCallback`
2. For callback argument/property use: `onFoo`
3. For a method that is passed as a callback: `handleFoo`
```
